if you own a ton of British assets be
that companies that sell to British
consumers British homes British debt
British land British natural resources
your money comes from Britain and that
that would be the same if I was talking
about the us if I was talking about
Australia if I was talking about Germany
or France you exist in a country that
has real assets those assets are owned
by somebody and whenever you use those
assets you pay that person and the money
comes from from you so this is the the
big reason why the very richest people
in society are actually the easiest
technically to tax is because if I'm a
teacher or a lawyer or a doctor I can go
to Dubai I can go to Singapore and I can
work in those countries and I generate
the money from my work if I'm rich and I
own your
country whether I leave or not my money
still comes from you and it's I'm the
least mobile person in the world from a
tax perspective